TrueCrypt License Version 2.6

Software distributed under this license is distributed on an "AS
IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. THE AUTHORS AND
DISTRIBUTORS OF THE SOFTWARE DISCLAIM ANY LIABILITY. ANYONE WHO
USES, COPIES, MODIFIES, OR (RE)DISTRIBUTES ANY PART OF THE
SOFTWARE IS, BY SUCH ACTION(S), ACCEPTING AND AGREEING TO BE
BOUND BY ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS LICENSE. IF YOU DO NOT
ACCEPT THEM, DO NOT USE, COPY, MODIFY, NOR (RE)DISTRIBUTE THE
SOFTWARE, NOR ANY PART(S) THEREOF.


I. Definitions

1. "This Product" means the work (including, but not limited to,
source code, graphics, texts, and accompanying files) made
available under and governed by this version of this license
("License"), as may be indicated by, but is not limited to,
copyright notice(s) attached to or included in the work.

2. "You" means (and "Your" refers to) an individual or a legal
entity (e.g., a non-profit organization, commercial
organization, government agency, etc.) exercising permissions
granted by this License.

3. "Modification" means (and "modify" refers to) any alteration
of This Product, including, but not limited to, addition to or
deletion from the substance or structure of This Product, and
translation into another language.

4. "Your Product" means This Product modified by You, any work
You derive from (or base on) This Product, or any respective
part(s) thereof. In addition, "Your Product" means any work in
which You include any portion of This Product (unless the work
in which you include it is an aggregate software distribution,
such as an operating system distribution or a cover CD-ROM of a
magazine, containing separate and independent products from
different sources, provided that the license governing the
aggregate software distribution does not invalidate, weaken,
restrict, interpret, amend, modify, interfere with or otherwise
affect any part, term, provision, or clause of this License) or
any respective part(s) thereof.

5. "Distribution" means (and "distribute" refers to), regardless
of means or methods, conveyance, transfer, providing, or making
available of This/Your Product or portions thereof to third
parties (including, but not limited to, making This/Your
Product, or portions thereof, available for download to third
parties, whether or not any third party has downloaded the
product, or any portion thereof, made available for download).



II. Terms and Conditions for Use, Copying, and Distribution

1. You may copy and/or distribute This Product, provided that
You do not modify This Product (for terms and conditions for
copying and distribution of modified versions of This Product,
see Chapter III) and provided that You do not include This
Product in another product forming Your Product (except as
permitted under Chapter III), and provided that You ensure that
all the legal notices and documents (containing, e.g., the text
of this License, references to this License, etc.) included with
This Product are included with every copy of This Product that
You make and distribute, and provided that You comply with all
other applicable terms and conditions of this License.

2. Provided that You comply with all applicable terms and
conditions of this License, You may use This Product freely (see
also Chapter III) on any number of computers/systems for non-
commercial and/or commercial purposes.



III. Terms and Conditions for Modification and Derivation of New
Products

1. If all conditions specified in the following paragraphs in
this Chapter (III) are met (for exceptions, see Section III.2)
and if You comply with all other applicable terms and conditions
of this License, You may modify This Product (thus forming Your
Product), derive new works from This Product or portions thereof
(thus forming Your Product), include This Product or portions
thereof in another product (thus forming Your Product, unless
defined otherwise in Chapter I), and You may use (for non-
commercial and/or commercial purposes), copy, and/or distribute
Your Product.

    a. The name of Your Product (or of Your modified version of
    This Product) must not contain the name TrueCrypt (for
    example, the following names are not allowed: TrueCrypt,
    TrueCrypt+, TrueCrypt Professional, iTrueCrypt, etc.) nor
    any other names confusingly similar to the name TrueCrypt
    (e.g., True-Crypt, True Crypt, TruKrypt, etc.)

    Note: TrueCrypt and the TrueCrypt logos are trademarks of
    the TrueCrypt Foundation. The goal is not to monetize the
    name or the product, but to protect the reputation of
    TrueCrypt, and to prevent support issues and other kinds of
    issues that might arise from the existence of similar
    products with the same or similar name. Even though
    TrueCrypt and the TrueCrypt logos are trademarks, TrueCrypt
    is and will remain open-source and free software.

    All occurrences of the name TrueCrypt that could reasonably
    be considered to identify Your Product must be removed from
    Your Product and from any associated materials. Logo(s)
    included in (or attached to) Your Product (and in/to
    associated materials) must not incorporate and must not be
    confusingly similar to any of the TrueCrypt logos (including
    the non-textual logo consisting primarily of a key in
    stylized form) or portion(s) thereof. All graphics contained
    in This Product (logos, icons, etc.) must be removed from
    Your Product (or from Your modified version of This Product)
    and from any associated materials.

    b. The following phrases must be removed from Your Product
    and from any associated materials, except the text of this
    License: "A TrueCrypt Foundation Release", "Released by
    TrueCrypt Foundation", "This is a TrueCrypt Foundation
    release."

    c. Phrase "Based on TrueCrypt, freely available at
    http://www.truecrypt.org/" must be displayed by Your Product
    (if technically feasible) and contained in its
    documentation. Alternatively, if This Product or its portion
    You included in Your Product constitutes only a minor
    portion of Your Product, phrase "Portions of this product
    are based in part on TrueCrypt, freely available at
    http://www.truecrypt.org/" may be displayed instead. In each
    of the cases mentioned above in this paragraph,
    "http://www.truecrypt.org/" must be a hyperlink (if
    technically feasible) pointing to http://www.truecrypt.org/
    and You may freely choose the location within the user
    interface (if there is any) of Your Product (e.g., an
    "About" window, etc.) and the way in which Your Product will
    display the respective phrase.

    Your Product (and any associated materials, e.g., the
    documentation, the content of the official web site of Your
    Product, etc.) must not present any Internet address
    containing the domain name truecrypt.org (or any domain name
    that forwards to the domain name truecrypt.org) in a manner
    that might suggest that it is where information about Your
    Product may be obtained or where bugs found in Your Product
    may be reported or where support for Your Product may be
    available or otherwise attempt to indicate that the domain
    name truecrypt.org is associated with Your Product.

    d. The complete source code of Your Product must be freely
    and publicly available (for exceptions, see Section III.2)
    at least until You cease to distribute Your Product and
    there must be a well-publicized means of obtaining the
    source code free of charge or for a reasonable reproduction
    fee (at least until You cease to distribute Your Product).
    Examples of possible ways to meet these conditions: (i) You
    include the source code with every copy of Your Product that
    You make and distribute (see also below in this Subsection
    III.1.d for conditions that licenses governing the source
    code must meet) provided that You make the copies available
    to the general public free of charge or for a reasonable
    reproduction fee, or (ii) You include information (valid and
    correct at least until You cease to distribute Your Product)
    about where the source code can be freely obtained (e.g., an
    Internet address, etc.) with every copy of Your Product that
    You make and distribute (see also below in this Subsection
    III.1.d for conditions that licenses governing the source
    code must meet) provided that You make the copies available
    to the general public free of charge or for a reasonable
    reproduction fee.

    Portions of the source code that were created by You (e.g.
    Your additions to This Product) must be available under
    license(s) that are/is compatible with this version of the
    TrueCrypt License (however, see also Subsection III.1.e) and
    that allow(s) anyone to modify and derive new works from the
    portions of the source code that were created by You and to
    use, copy, and redistribute such modifications and/or
    derivative works. The license(s) must be perpetual, non-
    exclusive, royalty-free, no-charge, and worldwide, and must
    not invalidate, weaken, restrict, interpret, amend, modify,
    interfere with or otherwise affect any part, term,
    provision, or clause of this License. The text of the
    license(s) must be included with every copy of Your Product
    that You make and distribute. The source code must not be
    deliberately obfuscated, and it must not be in an
    intermediate form (e.g., the output of a preprocessor).
    Source code means the preferred form in which a programmer
    would usually modify the program.

    Note: If you cannot comply with the above requirements, we
    may grant an exception under certain conditions. You may
    request an exception at: licensing@truecrypt.org

    e. You must not change the license terms of This Product in
    any way (adding any new terms is considered changing the
    license terms even if the original terms are retained),
    which means, e.g., that no part of This Product may be put
    under another license. You must keep intact all the legal
    notices contained in the source code files. You must include
    the following items with every copy of Your Product that You
    make and distribute: a clear and conspicuous notice stating
    that Your Product or portion(s) thereof is/are governed by
    this version of the TrueCrypt License, a verbatim copy of
    this version of the TrueCrypt License (as contained herein),
    a clear and conspicuous notice containing information about
    where the included copy of the License can be found, and an
    appropriate copyright notice.


2. You are not obligated to comply with Subsection III.1.d if
Your Product is not distributed (i.e., Your Product is available
only to You).

Note: If you cannot comply with Subsection III.1.d, we may grant
an exception under certain conditions. You may request an
exception at: licensing@truecrypt.org



IV. Disclaimer of Liability, Disclaimer of Warranty,
Indemnification

You expressly acknowledge and agree to the following:

1. IN NO EVENT WILL ANY (CO)AUTHOR OF THIS PRODUCT, OR ANY
APPLICABLE COPYRIGHT/TRADEMARK OWNER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY
COPY AND/OR (RE)DISTRIBUTE THIS PRODUCT OR PORTIONS THEREOF, AS
MAY BE PERMITTED HEREIN, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY OTHER PARTY
FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, CORRUPTION
OR LOSS OF DATA, ANY LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES, A
FAILURE OF THIS PRODUCT TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PRODUCT,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION), WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF THE USE,
COPYING, MODIFICATION, OR (RE)DISTRIBUTION OF THIS PRODUCT (OR A
PORTION THEREOF) OR OF YOUR PRODUCT (OR A PORTION THEREOF), OR
INABILITY TO USE THIS PRODUCT (OR A PORTION THEREOF), EVEN IF
ANY (CO)AUTHOR, COPYRIGHT/TRADEMARK OWNER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY
HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

2. THIS PRODUCT IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO
THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THIS PRODUCT IS WITH YOU. SHOULD
THIS PRODUCT PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL
NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION.

3. THIS PRODUCT MAY INCORPORATE IMPLEMENTATIONS OF CRYPTOGRAPHIC
ALGORITHMS THAT ARE REGULATED (E.G., SUBJECT TO EXPORT/IMPORT
CONTROL REGULATIONS) OR ILLEGAL IN SOME COUNTRIES. IT IS SOLELY
YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO VERIFY THAT IT IS LEGAL TO IMPORT AND/OR
(RE)EXPORT AND/OR USE THIS PRODUCT (OR PORTIONS THEREOF) IN
COUNTRIES WHERE YOU INTEND TO USE IT AND/OR TO WHICH YOU INTEND
TO IMPORT IT AND/OR FROM WHICH YOU INTEND TO EXPORT IT, AND IT
IS SOLELY YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO COMPLY WITH ANY APPLICABLE
REGULATIONS, RESTRICTIONS, AND LAWS.

4. YOU SHALL INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD ALL (CO)AUTHORS OF THIS
PRODUCT, THEIR AGENTS AND ASSOCIATES, AND APPLICABLE
COPYRIGHT/TRADEMARK OWNERS, HARMLESS FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND
ALL LIABILITY, DAMAGES, LOSSES, SETTLEMENTS, PENALTIES, FINES,
COSTS, EXPENSES (INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEYS' FEES), DEMANDS,
CAUSES OF ACTION, CLAIMS, ACTIONS, PROCEEDINGS, AND SUITS,
RELATED TO OR ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE, INABILITY TO USE,
COPYING, (RE)DISTRIBUTION, IMPORT AND/OR (RE)EXPORT OF THIS
PRODUCT (OR PORTIONS THEREOF) AND/OR YOUR BREACH OF ANY TERM OF
THIS LICENSE.



V. Trademarks

This License does not grant permission to use trademarks
associated with (or applying to) This Product, except for fair
use as defined by applicable law and except for use expressly
permitted or required by this License. Any attempt otherwise to
use trademarks associated with (or applying to) This Product
automatically and immediately terminates Your rights under This
License and may constitute trademark infringement (which may be
prosecuted).

TrueCrypt is a registered trademark of the TrueCrypt Foundation
registered with the World Intellectual Property Organization, an
agency of the United Nations, (international trademark
registration), in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, and in
the trademark offices of other countries. All TrueCrypt logos
(including the non-textual logo consisting primarily of a key in
stylized form) are trademarks of the TrueCrypt Foundation.

Note: The goal is not to monetize the name or the product, but
to protect the reputation of TrueCrypt. TrueCrypt is and will
remain open-source and free software.



VI. General Terms and Conditions, Miscellaneous Provisions

1. ANYONE WHO USES AND/OR COPIES AND/OR MODIFIES AND/OR CREATES
DERIVATIVE WORKS OF AND/OR (RE)DISTRIBUTES THIS PRODUCT, OR ANY
PORTION(S) THEREOF, IS, BY SUCH ACTION(S), AGREEING TO BE BOUND
BY AND ACCEPTING ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS LICENSE (AND
THE RESPONSIBILITIES AND OBLIGATIONS CONTAINED IN THIS LICENSE).
IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT (AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY) ALL TERMS AND
CONDITIONS OF THIS LICENSE, DO NOT USE, COPY, MODIFY, CREATE
DERIVATIVE WORKS OF, NOR (RE)DISTRIBUTE THIS PRODUCT, NOR ANY
PORTION(S) THEREOF.

2. YOU MAY NOT USE, MODIFY, COPY, CREATE DERIVATIVE WORKS OF,
(RE)DISTRIBUTE, OR SUBLICENSE THIS PRODUCT, OR PORTION(S)
THEREOF, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS LICENSE (EVEN IF
APPLICABLE LAW GIVES YOU MORE RIGHTS). ANY ATTEMPT (EVEN IF
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW) OTHERWISE TO USE, MODIFY, COPY,
CREATE DERIVATIVE WORKS OF, (RE)DISTRIBUTE, OR SUBLICENSE THIS
PRODUCT, OR PORTION(S) THEREOF, AUTOMATICALLY AND IMMEDIATELY
TERMINATES YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THIS LICENSE AND CAN CONSTITUTE
COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT (WHICH MAY BE PROSECUTED). ANY
RESTRICTIONS CONTAINED IN THIS LICENSE ARE ALSO LIMITATIONS ON
THE SCOPE OF THIS LICENSE AND ALSO DEFINE THE SCOPE OF YOUR
RIGHTS UNDER THIS LICENSE. YOUR FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THE TERMS
AND CONDITIONS OF THIS LICENSE OR FAILURE TO PERFORM ANY
APPLICABLE OBLIGATION IMPOSED BY THIS LICENSE AUTOMATICALLY AND
IMMEDIATELY TERMINATES YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THIS LICENSE AND CAN
CAUSE OR BE CONSIDERED COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT (WHICH MAY BE
PROSECUTED). NOTHING IN THIS LICENSE SHALL IMPLY OR BE CONSTRUED
AS A PROMISE, OBLIGATION, OR COVENANT NOT TO SUE FOR COPYRIGHT
OR TRADEMARK INFRINGEMENT IF YOU DO NOT COMPLY WITH THE TERMS
AND CONDITIONS OF THIS LICENSE.

3. This license does not constitute or imply a waiver of any
intellectual property rights except as may be otherwise
expressly provided in this License. This license does not
transfer, assign, or convey any intellectual property rights
(e.g., it does not transfer ownership of copyrights or
trademarks).

4. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, You may
allow a third party to use Your copy of This Product (or a copy
that you make and distribute, or Your Product, or respective
parts thereof) provided that the third party overtly accepts and
agrees to be bound by all terms and conditions of this License
and the third party is not prohibited from using This Product
(or portions thereof) by this License (see, e.g., Section VI.7)
or by applicable law. However, You are not obligated to ensure
that the third party accepts (and agrees to be bound by all
terms of) this License if You distribute only the self-
extracting package (containing This Product) that does not allow
the user to install (nor extract) the files contained in the
package until he or she accepts and agrees to be bound by all
terms and conditions of this License.

5. Without specific prior written permission from the authors of
This Product (or from their common representative), You must not
use the name of This Product, the names of the authors of This
Product, or the names of the legal entities (or informal groups)
of which the authors were/are members/employees, to endorse or
promote Your Product or any work in which You include a modified
or unmodified version of This Product, or to endorse or promote
You or Your affiliates, or in a way that might suggest that Your
Product (or any work in which You include a modified or
unmodified version of This Product), You, or Your affiliates
is/are endorsed by one or more authors of This Product, or in a
way that might suggest that one or more authors of This Product
is/are affiliated with You (or Your affiliates) or directly
participated in the creation of Your Product or of any work in
which You include a modified or unmodified version of This
Product.

6. IF YOU ARE NOT SURE WHETHER YOU UNDERSTAND ALL PARTS OF THIS
LICENSE OR IF YOU ARE NOT SURE WHETHER YOU CAN COMPLY WITH ALL
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS LICENSE, YOU MUST NOT USE, COPY,
MODIFY, CREATE DERIVATIVE WORKS OF, NOR (RE)DISTRIBUTE THIS
PRODUCT, NOR ANY PORTION(S) OF IT. YOU SHOULD CONSULT WITH A
LAWYER.

7. IF (IN RELEVANT CONTEXT) ANY PROVISION OF CHAPTER IV OF THIS
LICENSE IS UNENFORCEABLE, INVALID, OR PROHIBITED UNDER
APPLICABLE LAW IN YOUR JURISDICTION, YOU HAVE NO RIGHTS UNDER
THIS LICENSE AND YOU MUST NOT USE, COPY, MODIFY, CREATE
DERIVATIVE WORKS OF, NOR (RE)DISTRIBUTE THIS PRODUCT, NOR ANY
PORTION(S) THEREOF.

8. If any provision of this License, or a portion thereof, is
found to be invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, it
shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder
of this License, and such invalid or unenforceable provision
shall be construed to reflect the original intent of the
provision and shall be enforced to the maximum extent permitted
by applicable law so as to effect the original intent of the
provision as closely as possible.

____________________________________________________________


Third-Party Licenses

This Product contains components that were created by third
parties and that are governed by third-party licenses, which are
contained hereinafter (separated by lines consisting of
underscores). Each of the third-party licenses applies only to
(portions of) the source code file(s) in which the third-party
license is contained or in which it is explicitly referenced,
and to compiled or otherwise processed forms of such source
code. None of the third-party licenses applies to This Product
as a whole, even when it uses terms such as "product",
"program", or any other equivalent terms/phrases. This Product
as a whole is governed by the TrueCrypt License (see above).
Some of the third-party components have been modified by the
authors of This Product. Unless otherwise stated, such
modifications and additions are governed by the TrueCrypt
License (see above). Note: Unless otherwise stated, graphics and
files that are not part of the source code are governed by the
TrueCrypt License.

____________________________________________________________

License agreement for Encryption for the Masses.

Copyright (C) 1998-2000 Paul Le Roux. All Rights Reserved.

This product can be copied and distributed free of charge,
including source code.

You may modify this product and source code, and distribute such
modifications, and you may derive new works based on this
product, provided that:

1. Any product which is simply derived from this product cannot
be called E4M, or Encryption for the Masses.

2. If you use any of the source code in your product, and your
product is distributed with source code, you must include this
notice with those portions of this source code that you use.

Or,

If your product is distributed in binary form only, you must
display on any packaging, and marketing materials which
reference your product, a notice which states:

"This product uses components written by Paul Le Roux
<pleroux@swprofessionals.com>"

3. If you use any of the source code originally by Eric Young,
you must in addition follow his terms and conditions.

4. Nothing requires that you accept this License, as you have
not signed it. However, nothing else grants you permission to
modify or distribute the product or its derivative works.

These actions are prohibited by law if you do not accept this
License.

5. If any of these license terms is found to be to broad in
scope, and declared invalid by any court or legal process, you
agree that all other terms shall not be so affected, and shall
remain valid and enforceable.

6. THIS PROGRAM IS DISTRIBUTED FREE OF CHARGE, THEREFORE THERE
IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW. UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED THE PROGRAM IS PROVIDED
"AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE
ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS
WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE
COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

7. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN
WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY
MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR
INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS
OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY
YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH
ANY OTHER PROGRAMS, EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAD
PREVIOUSLY BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
____________________________________________________________

Copyright (c) 1998-2008, Brian Gladman, Worcester, UK.
All rights reserved.

LICENSE TERMS

The free distribution and use of this software is allowed (with
or without changes) provided that:

 1. source code distributions include the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following
    disclaimer;

 2. binary distributions include the above copyright notice,
    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
    their documentation;

 3. the name of the copyright holder is not used to endorse
    products built using this software without specific written
    permission.

DISCLAIMER

This software is provided 'as is' with no explicit or implied
warranties in respect of its properties, including, but not
limited to, correctness and/or fitness for purpose.
____________________________________________________________

Copyright (C) 2002-2004 Mark Adler, all rights reserved
version 1.8, 9 Jan 2004

This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or
implied warranty.  In no event will the author be held liable
for any damages arising from the use of this software.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any
purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and
redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:

1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you
   must not claim that you wrote the original software. If you
   use this software in a product, an acknowledgment in the
   product documentation would be appreciated but is not
   required.
2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and
   must not be misrepresented as being the original software.
3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source
   distribution.
____________________________________________________________
